Game Design Document
Fill up the Following document 

1.	Write the title of your project.
The title of my project is 'JS Ludo Game'

2.	What is the goal of the game? 
The goal of the game is to remove lonliness from the people. People can play this game and can be relaxed.

3.	Write a brief story of your game?
This game is related to the ludo game that everyone used to play in his/her childhood. People can play this game with each other and try to win this game. This game also tells
that there can be only two outcomes of the game. Either the plater will win or he will lose. Similarly the life also has only two outcomes, either you suceed or you fail. 
Failure doesn't mean the end of life. You must again get up and try to suceed in your life.

4.	Which are the playing characters of this game? 
●	Playing characters are the ones which respond to the user based on the input from the user
●	Cars, monkeys, dinos, wizards etc, are the playing characters in the game.  
Number	  Character Name	    What can this character do? 
1		      Player 1            This character can click the button and try to roll his dice.
2		      Player 2            This character can also click the button and roll the dice.		
 
6.	Which are the Non Playing Characters of this game?
●	Non Playing characters are the ones which don't have an action or a behaviour when the user interacts with the game.
●	Hurdles, stones, bananas, coins, etc are non playing characters in the game.   
Number	  Character Name	    What can this character do? 
1		      Dice 1              This dice rolls and gives a number on it.
2		      Dice 2              This dice also rolls and gives a number 1 to 6 on it.
3		      Score               This shows the score of the two players.

7. Draw your imagination of this game. What does this game look like?
●	Draw the game either on your computer or on paper, 
●	Add images of scenes of the game to show each of the playing and non-playing characters at least once.  
The picture is in the same repository with the name 'Image of Game.'
Please check it.

8. How do you plan to make your game engaging? 
The game can be engaging beacuse the player rolls the dice till he/she wins. And if the player wins he/she will again play it in the greed of winnning again.
